docs(e.metal): content review (#1766)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/elastic-metal/api-cli/elastic-metal-with-api.mdx

  - elastic-metal
---

Our [Elastic Metal server](https://www.scaleway.com/en/elastic-metal/) offer provide 100% dedicated resources, combined with the advantages of the cloud, such as hourly billing and full flexibility. The servers' hardware is 100% dedicated to you, there is no virtualization, no overallocation, no neighbors on your server. They come combined with a powerful [REST-API](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/elastic-metal/), allowing you to automate tasks on your machines and deploy them automatically with tools like [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/). 

> The new deployment in one command feature allows you to speed up the delivery of your servers, as you don’t have to wait for it to be delivered to install the server. You can do both in a single API call, and your server is up and running in less than 15 minutes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new deployment in one command feature allows you to speed up the delivery of your servers, as you do not have to wait for it to be delivered to install the server. You can do both in a single API call, and your server is up and running in less than 15 minutes. 
```
